## Title
`Tokenutil::_callBaseUri` will always fail because of different reasons

## Vulnerability Details

When Bridging NFT tokens we need to handle their `URIs`, according to there `Base URI` if existed, or each NFT `tokenURI` separately if not.

[TokenUtil.sol#L89-L92](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/token/TokenUtil.sol#L89-L92)
```solidity
        // How the URI must be handled.
        // if a base URI is already present, we ignore individual URI
        // else, each token URI must be bridged and then the owner of the collection
        // can decide what to do
```

Now if we check how getting `baseURI` is done, we will find that the logic contains a log of mistakes.

[TokenUtil.sol#L150-L155](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/token/TokenUtil.sol#L150-L155)
```solidity
    function _callBaseUri(address collection) ... {
        ...
❌️      bytes[2] memory encodedSignatures = [abi.encodeWithSignature("_baseUri()"), abi.encodeWithSignature("baseUri()")];

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < 2; i++) {
            bytes memory encodedParams = encodedSignatures[i];
            assembly {
                success := staticcall(gas(), collection, add(encodedParams, 0x20), mload(encodedParams), 0x00, 0x20)

```

First, we are calling `_baseUri()`, then if the call fails we call `baseUri()` function to get the `baseURI`, but calling these two functions will always fail (`100%`) because of the following reasons.

### 1. Calling internal functions will always fail

`_baseUri()` is not a public function, it is an internal function in `ERC721`, so calling this will always revert, i.e failed.

### 2. Incorrect function naming will lead to calling different function signature
The signature for `base URI` is `_baseURI` by making the three letters UpperCase, but in the code we are making just the `U` is in upper case and `r`, `i` are small letters, this will result in a totally different signature.

### 3. There is no function signature named `baseURI()` or `baseUri()` in NFT contract
The third thing is that `baseUri/baseURI()` is not even exist in `ERC721`, and if we checked the modified version for ERC721 made by the protocol [`ERC721Bridgeable`](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/token/ERC721Bridgeable.sol), we will find that it is also not implementing any public function to retrieve that baseURI separately.

So by collecting all these things together, we can conclude that retrieving the `baseURI` will always fail.

This mean we will always end up looping through all NFT items we want to Bridge, getting their URIs to Bridge a large number of tokens, even if the collection supports `baseURI`.

[TokenUtil.sol#L97-L103](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/token/TokenUtil.sol#L97-L103)
```solidity
        else {
            string[] memory URIs = new string[](tokenIds.length);
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < tokenIds.length; i++) {
                URIs[i] = c.tokenURI(tokenIds[i]);
            }
            return (c.name(), c.symbol(), "", URIs);
        }
```

## Impacts
- `100%` DoS for the function used to retrieve `baseURI`
- The cost for Bridging large tokens will increase significantly when Bridging Large NFTs amount as we will loop through all there URIs to get them.
- payload size will increase a lot without knowing, which can even make NFT end up locking in the Bridge Due to a payload size limit in Starknet (This is a known issue, but we are highlighting that the payload will increase without knowing. When Bridging `20` NFTs for example supports base URI, the user thinks that tokenURIs array is `0`, but it will actually be `20` which will make the payload size increase significantly)  

## Tools Used
Manual Review

## Recommendations
1. Remove calling `_baseUri()` as it is an internal function which will always fail.
2. Change the function name to call from `baseUri()` to `baseURI()`.
3. In `ERC721Bridgeable` make a public function named `baseURI()` that returns the base URI value.

_NOTE: We planned to group this bug into only one issue, although it contains three different root causes as we illustrated. But we think that all of them relate to the same thing. If the Judger decides to separate into different issues, Please consider this issue to be dup for all separated issues (as it mentioned all root causes).
