## Title
Users can create NFT collections on L1 relates to `ERC20` tokens on L2

## Vulnerability Details
When Bridging NFTs from L1 -> L2, we are doing some checks. This includes ensuring a supported `ERC721` interface. and `tokens` to be bridged be greater than `0`.

But When bridging from L2 -> L1, these two checks do not exist. we neither detect the interface nor check that the `tokenIds` is greater than zero.

1. When we are getting `erc721_metadata` without checking interface support, which is named `
introspection` or `ERC165` in EVM. And we are doing the function with `Option` returned value. So if there is an error occur when calling `token_uri` we just return an empty string.

[bridge.cairo#L266-L270](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo#L266-L270)
```cairo
fn erc721_metadata(
    contract_address: ContractAddress,
    token_ids: Option<Span<u256>>
) -> Option<ERC721Metadata> {

...

    let erc721_metadata = erc721_metadata(collection_l2, Option::Some(token_ids));
    let (name, symbol, base_uri, uris) = match erc721_metadata {
        Option::Some(data) => (data.name, data.symbol, data.base_uri, data.uris),
❌️      Option::None => ("", "", "", array![].span())
    };
```

And since most `ERC20` tokens implement the `name()`and `symbol()` like that in `ERC721` tokens 

[collection_manager.cairo#L67-L74](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/token/collection_manager.cairo#L67-L74)
```cairo
    Option::Some(
        ERC721Metadata {
@>          name: erc721.name(),
@>          symbol: erc721.symbol(),
            base_uri: "",
            uris
        }
    )
```

So if we passed an `ERC20` token

2. When we send tokens to the `L2Bridge` via `escrow_deposit_tokens`, we are not checking that tokens to be bridged are greater than zero, which is not the case in `L1Bridge` where there is a check to ensure tokens are greater than `zero`.

> L2Bridge:
[bridge.cairo#L402-L407](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo#L402-L407)
```cairo
    // @audit No check for `0` amount tokens
    fn escrow_deposit_tokens( ... ) {
        let to = starknet::get_contract_address();
        let erc721 = IERC721Dispatcher { contract_address };

        let mut i = 0_usize;
        loop { ... };
    }
```

> L1Bridge:
[Escrow.sol#L33](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/Escrow.sol#L33)
```solidity
    function _depositIntoEscrow( ... ) internal {
❌️      assert(ids.length > 0);

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < ids.length; i++) {
            uint256 id = ids[i];
    }
```

So after collecting these two issues together we will be able to pass any address as `collection_l2`, and the tx will get processed successfully.

### A side issue
The first issue is that `0` tokenIds amount is not checked in `L2Bridge` which is not the case in `L1Bridge` this is a side LOW severity issue, where tokenIds greater than `0` invariant is not checked in `L2Bridge`, which will allow users to create NFTs collection on `L1` and mapp them into the `L2` NFT collections without sending a single token.

Returning back to our issue, we proved that an `ERC20` token will be passed till it reaches `_depositIntoEscrow()`. If tokenId is zero as we illustrated in the side issue, then matching an ERC20 on `L2` to an `ERC721` on `L1` will occur. But the issue is not just `0` tokens, since `transfer_from(address,address,u256)` is the function signature used when transfering `ERC721` tokens, this function is exactly the same for `ERC20` tokens in Starknet, so The user can simply but tokenID with any value and that value of tokens will get transfered from him to the `L2` Bridge.

Example:
- tokenId = `1`, will send `1 wei` from the user to the Bridge
- tokenId = `1e18` will send `1e18` token amount from the user to the Bridge

And the function will successed and that user will be able to receive an NFT on `L1` represents the amount he deposited on `L2`. and we can simply withdraw then by briding an NFT from `L1` to `L2` to receive the `ERC20.` 

This will result in deploying an ERC721 collection on l1 and tie it with that `ERC20` address passed as `collection_l2` by the called of `L2Bridge::deposit_tokens()`, which breaks the invariant of Linking NFTs collection on L1 and L2 and will link L1 NFT collection with `ERC20` address on L2.

## Impact
Linking `ERC20` tokens on `L2` to `L1` addresses on `L1`

## Tools Used
Manual Review

## Recommendations

For solving the side issue: Check that the tokens to be bridges is greater than zero, this will ensure that this is an NFT collection as we are calling `erc721.transfer_from` and if did not support this interface it will revert the tx.

```diff
diff --git a/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo b/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo
index 23cbf8a..3f7c980 100644
--- a/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo
+++ b/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo
@@ -405,6 +405,7 @@ mod bridge {
         from: ContractAddress,
         token_ids: Span<u256>,
     ) {
+        assert!(token_ids.len() > 0, "No Tokens to Transfer");
         let to = starknet::get_contract_address();
         let erc721 = IERC721Dispatcher { contract_address };
``` 

And for the main issue, we should implement the `SRC5` check that is like `ERC165` in solidity, to insure that the address is an `ERC721` not an `ERC20` address.

_NOTEL these are two separate issues not related to each other the first one is about not checking tokenIds array to be greater than zero, and the other is that not checking the interface of the address passed will allow linking `ERC20` tokens on `L2` Bridge as an NFTs on `L1`._
