## Title
Permanent (L1 -> L2) DoS Because of whitelisting Linked List Logic.

## Vulnerability Details
When doing a Bridged transaction (L2 -> L1), the sequencer calls `L2Bridge::withdraw_auto_from_l1`.

When calling this function in the last of it we call `ensure_erc721_deployment` and in the last of this function, we call `_white_list_collection` if the collection is not whitelisted we add it to the whitelisted Linked List.

[bridge.cairo#L471-L478](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo#L471-L478)
```cairo
        // update whitelist if needed
        let (already_white_listed, _) = self.white_listed_list.read(l2_addr_from_deploy);
        if already_white_listed != true {
❌️          _white_list_collection(ref self, l2_addr_from_deploy, true);
            self.emit(CollectionWhiteListUpdated {
                collection: l2_addr_from_deploy,
                enabled: true,
            });
        }
```

If we checked the logic of the addition in `_white_list_collection` we will find that it addres the new collection in last of that Linked List, and we are using single Linked List DS, not Double. So we are iterating over all the elements in order to put this NFT collection.

[bridge.cairo#L502-L514](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/starknet/src/bridge.cairo#L502-L514)
```cairo
      // find last element
      loop {
          let (_, next) = self.white_listed_list.read(prev);
          if next.is_zero() {
              break;
          }
          let (active, _) = self.white_listed_list.read(next);
          if !active {
              break;
          }
          prev = next;
      };
❌️    self.white_listed_list.write(prev, (true, collection));
```

As we can see we are iterating from the `head` to the next element to the next one, and so on till we reach the end of the linked list (the next element is zero), then we link our collection to it.

Whitelisting a linked list is only a part of the logic done when calling `withdraw_auto_from_l1`, besides deploying the NFT collection, mint NFTs to the L2 recipient, and other things, so the tx gas cost will increase and may even reach the maximum.

Another thing we need to take into consideration is that this function is called by the sequencer, so reverting the tx is possible, and the sequencer may not accept the message from L1 from the beginning if the fees provided was small.

## Proof of Concept
> Normal Scenario
- WhiteListing is disabled in `L1Bridge`, so any NFT collection can be bridged.
- Bridge is so active and a lot of NFTs are bridged from L1 to L2.
- Once the collection is deployed, it is added to `whitelisted` collection Linked List.
- The number of whitelisted collections increases 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000, ...
- The cost for Bridging new NFT collection became too large as `withdraw_auto_from_l1` iterates `1000` time besides deploying a new contract and some checks.
- The transaction will get reverted when the sequencer calls it because of the huge TX cost, or it will not accept processing the message in the first place from L1.

> Attack Scenario
- WhiteListing is disabled in `L1Bridge`, so any NFT collection can be bridged.
- Bridge is so active and a lot of NFTs are bridged from L1 to L2.
- An Attacker spammed Bridging different NFTs from (L1 -> L2).
- The number of whitelisted collections increases 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000, ...
- The cost for Bridging new NFT collection became too large as `withdraw_auto_from_l1` iterates `1000` time besides deploying a new contract and some checks.
- The transaction will get reverted when the sequencer calls it because of the huge TX cost, or it will not accept processing the message in the first place from L1.

## Impact
Permanent DoS or Bridging new NFTs from L1 -> L2

## Tools Used
Manual Review

## Recommendations
You can use something like OpenZeppelin `EnumberableSets` in solidity, and if it is not found we can use `Head/Tail` Linked List, where we will store the First and the last element in the linked list, so when we add a new element we will do it at `θ(1)` not `θ(N)` Average time complexity.

