## Title
Some dynamic and on-chain NFTs are unbridgable from `L1`

## Vulnerability Details
There is a check that prevents Bridging large NFTs from `L1` to `L2` where there is a variable `MAX_PAYLOAD_LENGTH` which prevents the data we are bridging from `L1` to `L2` to exceeds.

[Bridge.sol#L134-L136](https://github.com/Cyfrin/2024-07-ark-project/blob/main/apps/blockchain/ethereum/src/Bridge.sol#L134-L136)
```solidity
uint256 constant MAX_PAYLOAD_LENGTH = 300;
        ...
    function depositTokens( ... ) {
        ...
        uint256[] memory payload = Protocol.requestSerialize(req);
❌️      if (payload.length >= MAX_PAYLOAD_LENGTH) {
            revert TooManyTokensError();
        }
    ...
    }
```
The current value is `300` (300 elements in an array), which ensures that the user will not get their NFTs stuck in the bridge.

We are talking about transferring a single NFT token now.

This check is used to prevent bridging large numbers of NFTs, by doing calculations we will find that we are using.
- 7 slots: `header`, `hash`, `collectionL1/L2`, `ownerL1/L2`
- 9 slots: `name`, `symbol`, `baseURI` (this is the minimum)
- 3 slots: single tokenId (1 for length two for u256 value)
- 2 slots: `tokenValues[]` and `newOwners[]` array if they are empty

So the total is `21` slots are used in minimum with + the slots used for `tokenURI` array.

So we will end up having `279` slot for our NFT token. `2` are used for string length and pendingString length, so we only have `277` slots.

Each slot takes `31` character length at max (flet252 in Starknet). so the number of characters we can transfer is `31 * 277 = 8587`.

Now we need to check is `8587` string length is enough for a single `tokenURI`?

If we are talking about normal NFTs (off-chain), then the answer is yes. But what if the NFT is a dynamic NFT that stores the data on-chain?

Dynamic NFTs (on-chain) NFTs store the SVG image as `Base64` encoding in the `tokenURI`, this means that the full data of the NFT is on-chain, and they are storing it in the `tokenURI`. so the value returned from `tokenURI` is a large-length string output.

Since the maximum number of characters we can put for transferring a single NFT is `8587`, this will prevent us from transferring these NFTs (an SVG with 5KB size can take 8000 characters in some situations) and 5KB size is a relatively small sized/quality SVG image.

This will make some on-chain/dynamic NFTs unable to be Bridged from `L1` to `L2` as even transferring a single NFT will exceed the payload length.

## Proof of Concept
We will prove that a small-sized SVG image is encoded into more than `8587` characters.

1. Open this website [base64.guru](https://base64.guru/converter/encode/image) that is used to convert SVG into a Base64.
2. We uploaded an image of `~23.3KB` for testing, [link](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/rli8la9rf09xc86059rlf/11_vector-ai.svg?rlkey=8q22p1ywy6cwkdlimhyu7cr03&st=azs9pvai&dl=0).
3. Download the image, upload it, and encode it.
4. Choose the Data URI encoding type.
5. Copy the output `Base64` and check for its length.
6. You can use `node` script to declare the string to it, and then retrieve its length.
7. The output length is `31031`.

By doing calculations to determine the minimum SVG image size that will exceed `300` payload length: `(8587 ÷ 31031) × 23.3` ~= `6.45 KB`.

So if the SVG image size is  >= `6.45 KB` and it is an on-chain/dynamic NFT encoded on-chain, bridging even a single token for that NFT collection is impossible.

## Impact
Inability to bridge some on-chain/dynamic NFTs from `L1` to `L2`.

## Tools Used
Manual Review

## Recommendations
Since limiting the Payload length is important, and even increasing it is not the best solution. We need to support transferring NFTs without `tokenURIs`, whether they have a base URI or not.

